Initial SUSE Private Registry docs (#1)
rancher/private-registry-product-docs: adoc/deployment.adoc

include::generic-attributes.adoc[]

[#pr-deployment]
== Deployment

The following procedures describe how to deploy {productname} ({productnameshort}) on a {kube} cluster.

[#pr-deployment-prerequisites]
=== Prerequisites
* A {kube} cluster version 1.20 or higher
* {helm} version 3.2.0 or higher
* Persistent Volume (PV) provisioner support in your infrastructure
* An active subscription for {productname}

[#pr-deployment-kube-secrets]
=== Obtaining {kube} secrets from the {scc}
To download and install the {productnameshort} images from {sregistry}, you need a {kube} secret with {scc} ({scca}) mirroring credentials.
To obtain the credentials from {scca}, follow these steps:

. Visit {scc} at https://scc.suse.com and log in.
. Select the organization with an active {productnameshort} subscription from the left sidebar.
. Select `Proxies` in the top menu. The credentials are displayed in the top right corner.
. To see the password, click the 'eye' icon.
. Create a `password.txt` file containing the obtained password.

> . Retrieve the {kube} secrets from {scca} by running the following command:

Reviewer: I would say something like:

```suggestion
. Store the mirroring credentials retrieved from {scca} as {kube} secrets by running the following command:
```
